This is going to be a vent capitalist fund challenge.
We've got 5 columns

very realistis business life like challenge

50 companies in total.
Some extracts of profits and loss statements from their income report.

How much did the company in the financial year did it spent on R&D, Administration(paying employees), Marketing : three major operational spends and whihch state it works in and Finally what 
was the profit of the company for that financial year.

The challenge : This is a anonymysed dataset (Dont know company name).

Ther's a vent capitalist fund that has hired you as a Data Scientist to analyze this dataset of company and create a model that
will tell the vent capitalist fund which types of companies it is most interested in investing.
And their main criteria is 'Profit"

So you have to create a model which will predict Profit based on R&D Spend spend, Administration spend, MArketing spend, and state.

This is a sample and they are looking for / they want to understand where company performed better in New York or in California.
all others thing held equal.


Or which company performed better if you hold state columns equal , will the company spending more on Marketin performs better or a company less on marketing.
Also the main thing probably they want to understand : how do they assess company 
do the company spend more on R&D or  the company spending more on Marketing

So which of these 2 spend yields better result of profit

And based on my model that I created , they will setup guidelines for their own vent capitalist fund .
Ok so we are more interested in company that work in new york and that have a very low Administration spend
and a very high R&D spend .

Helping them creating a model based of this sample, that will allow them to assess where and in which 
company they should invest for their goal of maximizing profit 

The vent capitalist fund wants to see whether if ther's any correlation exist between Profit
and the amount that have been spent on R&D, Admin,MArketing and also in which state the company operates.

Is there any correlation and how would you go about creating a model to understand how to know Amount spent on R&D , Marketing,Admin affect Profit
